Personal Website Proposal
By Hagen Feeney
	My proposal for my next flask-powered 
website is a website that is centered around 
analyzing many views of different Ancient Greek 
philosophers, discussing and elaborating on them, 
and overall relating the numerous passions that 
many of these philosophers had besides philosophy 
(mathematics, art, writing, etc.) to the many 
talents of philosophers, artists, writers, 
mathematicians, and other figures in the Italian 
Renaissance. In terms of functionality, my 
website would begin with a home page, introducing 
what I’ve talked about above and briefly discussing 
the website’s details. I would have a navbar above 
to link to different pages, including an “About” 
page for how the website began and what the ideas 
and thoughts that drove it were. Next in the navbar 
would be an “Ancient Greece” page, where I would 
list different philosophers from Ancient Greece and 
briefly describe what their ideas were and how they 
differed from and related to one another. There 
would be an image for each philosopher that when 
clicked, would send you to a page solely about that 
philosopher. This page would go more in depth about 
each philosopher's story, their pieces of writing, 
art, or anything significant, and would elaborate 
more on their thoughts. Going back to the navbar, 
there would be an “Italian Renaissance” page, where
 different people from the Italian Renaissance would 
be listed, with images below their names. Like the 
“Ancient Greece” page, the “Italian Renaissance” page
 would feature brief descriptions of every person, 
their talents, and their thoughts, and clicking on
 each image will bring you to a different page that 
goes more into depth about a specific member of the 
Italian Renaissance. Returning to the navbar, there 
would also be a “Discussion” Page. This page would 
let you view posts about each philosopher or artist,
and you would be able to comment on each post, 
respond to other comments, or make a post yourself. 
Before you do this, however, you would first create 
an account, password, and fill out login information.
 The functionality that I am not so sure I will be 
able to or know how to implement is how to post in 
the “Discussion Page”, or how to write/respond to a 
comment. Everything else, the home and “About” 
pages, the “Ancient Greek” and “Italian Renaissance”
 pages, and the navbar, seems doable.

For the added functionality in my site, I would quote
 the words and passages of artists and philosophers 
in the languages that they were originally written 
in (mostly Greek, Latin, or Italian), and then 
implement a feature that allows Google Translate 
to translate the words into English and print them 
out for everyone to read next to the passage in the 
original language. In addition, I will add an audio 
feature for both the passages in English and in 
other languages where if a button is pressed, the 
passage is narrated out loud by a virtual narrator,
 which I would use Google Translate for.
